the mangrove bleachers showed
all the dissatisfaction of the faithful
just over five thousand and 700 supporters
paid ticket to watch the match
even so they made a lot of noise with
josiel goes to the bicolor attacking prowess
who left Bethlehem last year after
involve in a virtual controversy because it is
Who said that the fan has memory?
short
the other side the old fellow
their attack gained one more chance
as a holder bicolor rafael oliveira was
again the goal hope of the
paysandu
he started by giving work to the
center guards
the goalkeeper gatti
it was ball day for rafael
so much so that even after queuing in the
Washington chose to serve the
mate ended up wasting a
Nice chance and when you decided to finish
kaboul and had it started
heliton was also in the game and
tested the visiting goalkeeper still won
of defense and passed pro today
pinching beautiful pro governs so embolam
kicked it out
the cuiabá's response came a
everton that dalton sent to
corner kick
already the gat to this one almost delivered there from the
other side
his luck with Rafael
and speaking in bored after the descent
Fast bogeyman came the map el
piercing harison still took advantage of
just play more pros
out and colors insisted on that kick of
far
it was full pressure but the aim was missing
and aim was long gone and
hit a kick there in the year is see tom
I could still have done one more and then the
would have been even greater
after the interval cuiabá wanted
cook the game
he loves it will be that the goalkeeper gatti was the
last to return to field
Not to mention the session falls, it falls.
but they also played football had
the chance to make the second
only that dalton prevented a goal from
Fernando
after the rafael oliveira net pass
but also came out in the face of gats
Bayou years can do anything on the rebound
rafael oliveira
the mangueirão report
the cheerleading was even bigger in the
exit of josiel that did not
absolutely nothing in the game was
replaced under boos
as if nothing had happened instead
of leandro cearense that soon in the first
lance made the such of the river sanbians
The goalkeeper had to hit the head.
turn to stay with the ball with the
breath day staff only then
that the leco to rise I pulling lateral
regis and putting the old tite attack
only that the problem of the papão was back there
in another bobeada da zaga leandro
cearense forced dalton to shine brighter
once
until then the guy was the name of the game
I think the name of the game is not because
nobody wins game alone and it's a
set is the whole of the work that
prevails whenever there was still the goal
that guaranteed victory
he came after the corner that stopped
in the foot of the old heel he looked pro
Rafael was consecrated
now it 's keep and work to stay
well physically and will continue to
work and make goals for the paysandu
after getting access 2 to 1 cried
with the right to the reservation bank asking
the end of the game seemed to end
championship
the celebration was there with the right to
A lot of partying for the boss was not
achievement of a title for the
paysandu players the victory was
very valuable end up with a sequence of
four games without wins
and they guarantee this is the beginning of the revolution
over
I tried to pass the interval was
precisely the confidence that the work
that was being carried out was being
well executed with a detail in the last
Throw it so they understood that and
seek victory if you donate to the maximum and
were worthy of this victory
after 35 days the paysandu fan
finally